Lh/march 26 status (#104)
GSA-TTS/FAC-transition-site: src/status/findings.md

> Because the FAC search is currently limited to UEI-only, we'll be providing a daily export of new submissions with findings. These workbooks will provide a summary of audits with findings submitted each day. **Audits without findings aren't included.**

Reviewer: Small tweak now that full search is back

```suggestion
While users transition to our updated Search interface, we'll be providing a daily export of new submissions with findings. These workbooks will provide a summary of audits with findings submitted each day. **Audits without findings aren't included.**
```
